>> Sarah Drasner: So Jeff Graham,
who I work with on CSS Tricks, had this
article called On Future Requirements,
and I think what's really cool
about this article is this table.
Figuring out some of the end
goals of your users,
where they're trying to go and
what they expect.
Is a really good way of reimagining or
reintroducing these concepts for yourself.
So many times we think of the site and
we think of it this way right.
We think about it like,
I'm making this and putting this out.
But what is it like for
people to actually experience the site.
So, as identify the user who is
visiting your site, I expect that,
describe the task so
that explain the anticipated outcome.
And you would do this for many types
of user that might visit your site.
Because maybe their goals change.
I do feel like some of
the larger applications,
sometimes it feels like there are product
teams that own every page of the site.
And they might not talk to each other.
Have you ever been on an application
where you're like, why did it do that?
It's because they're not actually
experiencing the end to
end of their product.
Each area is focusing
on that one specific.
You know, page or goal and they're not
really understanding that whole flow.
So if you can be a user for your own site
and try to put yourself in that mindset,
you can kind of understand what
places motion might be acceptable or
how layout might adjust or how your
goals on that site might adjust as well.
There's this great
article about story maps.
Again, this section could be a whole
new course on its on as well.
I think I do have a course
on some of these things.
And the story maps is like basically
showing how you can plan out
wire frames and drawings so that you're
considering every step of the process and
What it would look like from start to
finish for someone using your site, and
what they would expect or
want at every step.
You can also create these kind of
end-to-end website flows like I mentioned
those UI kits exist on Shutterstock,
iStock Photo.
These wire frame kits also
exist on the site too, so
you don't have to make every
little square in here and stuff.
You can drop in pages so
that you can play around with like,
all right if they came
to New York times and
they clicked on this one area maybe they
want to experience some, you know, food.
And maybe from food they wanna go here and
so on and so forth.
If you want to make these
kind of user flows and
work with pen and pencil,
there are these things called
UI stencils where you can kind of
just draw them up really quickly.
I like working with them maybe
just because I like the stencils.
[LAUGH] Sometimes it's a little
bit more motivating for
me to create these website flows if I'm
working with tools that get me excited.
And there's no other reason for it but,
except that I wouldn't do that task if I
wasn't like excited about the materials.
There's also stickers,
that you can use as well.